---
course_id: 3297
quiz_id: 12284
id: 130139
type: multiple_choice_question
sources:
- name: Introduction to Context
  url: https://learning.flatironschool.com/courses/3297/assignments/73938?module_item_id=143615
---

# Context: Execution Context

When a JavaScript function is invoked, its _execution context_ consists of which
of the following?

## Correct

The function's execution context includes all of these.

> Correct! The function will have a _function execution context_ that contains
> references to any functions or variables defined within it, but its overall
> execution context also includes the _global execution context&nbsp;_and the
> contexts of any functions it is enclosed in.&nbsp;

## Incorrect

The global execution context.

> This is partially correct - the function's execution context does _include_ the
> global execution context, but it also includes its own function execution
> context and the contexts of any functions it is enclosed in.&nbsp;

## Incorrect

The function execution context.

> This is partially correct - the function does have its own function execution
> context, but its overall execution context also includes the global execution
> context and the contexts of any functions it is enclosed in.&nbsp;

## Incorrect

The context of anything available via the scope chain.

> This is partially correct - the function's execution context does _include_ the
> contexts of any functions it is enclosed in, but it also includes its own
> function execution context and the global execution context.&nbsp;

## Incorrect

I don't know.

> Be sure to study the source/s for this question. You'll get it next time.
